presenting the United States of America
ladies and gentlemen here it is
well there he is hang on to your hats
are we going to see a Quad Axle here it
is scheduled to be the first jump he's
got five quads scheduled in the program
Elia malinin for the USA
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
gotta keep this cool
there's a total he went down on that in
the short program remember
[Music]
it looks next
[Applause]
this is
oh
yeah it pumps are not easy lands the
quads out
[Music]
I'm sure
I'll be on my way
how long can I stay
in your place
[Music]
[Applause]
scheduled here in combination and it
just about makes it by the skin of his
seat circle on the end but he goes down
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
back
[Music]
track
[Applause]
[Music]
Ed in the Home Improvement
[Applause]
[Music]
foreign
we're on the United States of America
area
so what about that
it was sensational
looking down at the schools here
he's sure to get a personal best with
that performance
just foot perfect on that Quad Axle 16
and a half points was his score for that
one jump pass
couldn't quite hold it together at the
end but I tell you what as he matures
can you imagine the sort of scores that
this guy is going to be posting
ethical score for that program even with
the mistakes in it
112.3 as it stands at the moment
he makes those chords look easy
remember the forces that are being
exerted on these fleets when they land
these quads it's something around seven
times your body weight
and you would never know it
so much spatial awareness all the way
through the program they're struggling a
little bit with that cordless at the end
he gets an under rotation for both parts
of that three jump combination but you
know these aren't tired legs that was
his first jump of the second half of the
program
think after all that he'd put into the
first half those four quads
his legs must have been screaming at him
and this was crazy at the end of the
program triple looks triple Axel is your
last jump pass
well he's lived up to the expectation
hasn't he
absolutely fantastic
but he's going to go into the lead but
by how much
194 29 and that is a new personal best
for Elia malanin the quad God gets
better and better
absolutely sensational
we've got three to go that's surely
going to get Elia on the podium